Here are the definitions for the various call types for APD. There are other
agency calls listed on the report:


Crash Blue Form

 Collisions that do not require a law enforcement response.  Crash Blue Form
 criteria includes: there are no injures, no one is suspected of being
 intoxicated, the vehicles are not blocking a roadway, and all vehicles can be
 driven (do not need a tow), there is no disturbance; all drivers have current
 license and insurance.  All parties have agreed to exchange information and
 pick up their own blue form, for submission to their insurance companies
 (within 10 days of the accident).


Crash HS

 HS "Hot Shot" - dispatched immediately

 Collisions that are blocking traffic on high speed roadways, and/ or require
 life-saving first-aid.  Examples: Crashes with a high probability of serious
 injuries such as rollover, head-on, or very high rate of speed crashes.
 Collisions blocking High Speed Roadways. HSR (High Speed Roadways) are
 Interstates, US and State Highways to include frontage roads. Collisions on
 HSR that have been pulled to the shoulder and are no longer blocking are not
 a Hot Shot call, a.k.a. Crash Urgent.


Crash Service

 3 dispatched when district unit is available

 1PU

 Collisions that are not blocking or impeding traffic.  Collisions having
 occurred on private property.  Leaving the scene collisions where there
 are no injuries, lanes, blocked, or any parties chasing the other as a
 result of the collision.


Crash Urgent

 2 dispatched within 5 minutes

 2PU <5MIN

 Collisions involving minor injuries and or where minor injuries are
 suspected.  Collisions that are blocking secondary roadways (non-hig
  speed).  Collisions having occurred on a HSR (High Speed Roadway), but are
  no longer blocking (having pulled to the shoulder / parking lot)*See Crash
  Service*.  Collisions involving city vehicles.


Traffic Hazard

 Any traffic hazard on major thoroughfares that may cause a collision,
 injuries, or otherwise cause undue traffic congestion. For example:
 pedestrians, stalled vehicles, debris in the roadway, and / or inoperative
 traffic signals.


Traffic Hazard HSR

 2 dispatched within 5 minutes

 2PU <5MIN

 Any traffic hazard on a HSR (High Speed Roadway) that may cause an injury or
 collision. For example: pedestrians and / or debris in the roadway. HSR
 (High Speed Roadways) equate to Interstates, US and State Highways to
 include frontage roads.


Traffic Impediment

 3 dispatched when district unit is available

 1PU

 Impediments located on minor roadways that do not pose an immediate
 hazardous situation; but if not addressed could cause future problems. For
 example: railroad arms stuck in the down position, stalled vehicles, and
 street parking issues that impede traffic.